[Music]
at wild is life Roxy is tending to the
other rescue animals that currently live
with Moya at the center
this is little sky I think she's about
three weeks old little giraffe they're
very susceptible to stomach ulcers if
the milk formulas too harsh
she was having a big problem with that
but we seem to have got a rat she's
quite a happy little giraffe now she'll
soon be ready to return home but some of
these sick or abandoned animals have had
to become long-term residents and Roxy's
husband Craig has a soft spot for one in
particular this is my favorite animal
her name is noodle
she's a builder based she came to us as
a very young animal about six months old
she'd been orphaned and she was with
some people who were leaving the country
so they asked her to look after her when
she came home she just started going and
there was straight and it was bizarre to
think that her horns are gonna end up
bending like this because for the first
like yeah they just grow straight she's
got a very strange nostril she if we can
keep her still for a moment you see her
nostril conformers close that when
they're running with lot of dust around
they can keep the dust out of their out
of their passage but there's one
long-term resident that really keeps
everyone on their toes
[Music]
pickles is getting a tummy scratch
I've gotten over worrying about the
furniture I really can't get that you
know neurotic we've been through about
15 so pickles no come on because that's
not nice come on be nice be nice
pickles came to Roxy as an injured
orphan and with no other warthogs to be
with she became part of the family she's
only a year old so she still got a bit
of growing to do which worries me
actually cuz she's a really quite big
but she is like a toddler and she's
she's very playful good girl
be nice yeah these animal survivors have
found sanctuary here we just try and do
little by little we try and save animals
one by one if we can all just do a
little but hopefully lots of little bits
make a big difference
you